Release pyDARNio v1.1 (#21)
SuperDARN/pyDARNio: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question_template.md

---
name: Question
about: Ask for help or advice on using RST
---

# Question

**Question:**

## Category

- [ ] Usage 
- [ ] Troubleshooting
- [ ] Software Design
- [ ] Data related
- [ ] Capabilities
- [ ] Clarity 
- [ ] Workflow

## Details

*Please provide any other details or description around your question.*

## Example  

*If applicable fill in one of the following.*

### Code

> *please provide **pseudocode/code** and **output** that the question is around.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*please provide **pseudocode/code** and **output** that the question is associated with.*
```

### Installation Process 

> *Please proved your steps of trying to install pyDARNio.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please provide your steps for trying to install pyDARNio.*
```

### Documentation

> *Please link to any documentation or quote anything for more information on.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please link to any documentation or quote the relevant material to request more detailed information on the topic.*
```
